Meeting 7 minutes (#46)
w3c/font-text-cg: minutes/meeting-20210112-7.md

# Minutes of Meeting 7, 2021-01-12, 20:30–22:00 UTC

- Acting chair: Liang Hai
- Scribes: Liang Hai, et al.
- Agenda: https://github.com/w3c/font-text-cg/issues/39

## Resolutions

None

## Actions

1. Liang Hai: Schedule discussion of https://github.com/unicode-org/text-rendering-tests for Meeting 8; try inviting Sascha.

> 2. Norbert Lindenberg: Create an issue ticket for the interaction of font fallback and script/run itemization.

Reviewer: Should be: Add information on the interaction between font fallbacks and script/run/cluster segmentation to issue #37.

> 2. Norbert Lindenberg: Create an issue ticket for the interaction of font fallback and script/run itemization.

Author: ```suggestion
2. Norbert Lindenberg: Add information on the interaction between font fallbacks and script/run/cluster segmentation to issue #37.
```
